W-18366225 anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc (#387)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc

+
For guidance, see xref:mule-runtime::deploying.adoc[].
. In Anypoint Monitoring, xref:dashboard-custom-config.adoc[add a new custom dashboard] for the custom metric. 

> . Configure a chart to use the custom metric. 

Author: ```suggestion
. Configure a chart to use with your custom metric. 
```

> . Configure a chart to use with your custom metric. 

Author: ```suggestion
. Configure a chart to use your custom metric. 
```
